In this video, we're going to sign up for a new Google Cloud account.
Now, when you sign up for an account, you get automatically $300 in free credit.
If you already have a Google Cloud account, you might want to create a brand new account just so you
can get those $300 in free credits to guarantee that you will not have to spend anything in this course.
But at any rate, I'm going to leave it up to you whether you use an existing account or create a new
one.
So to get started, we're going to open up a new browser tab and navigate to cloud google.com.
Free.
And you should see a page that looks like this right here.
There are many pages you can go to to sign up for a new account.
I point out this one in particular, just because it gives you some information about this free tier
that they have.
There will be a blue button right here.
If you are not signed in, it will say something like sign up for a new account.
Otherwise, if you're already signed in, it will say something like Go to console.
So if you do not have an account, click on create an account.
It will then prompt you to enter in your region in the world.
So enter in your region.
It will then prompt you to enter in some billing details.
You'll also be asked if you are an individual or a business.
Chances are you're an individual, so change the a little dropdown to say you're an individual and then
enter in those billing details.
Again, this entire option requires a credit card, even though we will probably not be spending any
money thanks to this free credit.
Now, once you go through that sign up process, you'll eventually be dumped at a page that looks like
this right here.
This is the Google Cloud console, and we can use this page to navigate through a ton of different features.
The first thing we're going to do here is sign up for a new project.
So at the very top left hand side, you're going to see something that maybe says my first project or
something similar.
I'm going to click that dropdown.
Then on the right hand side, at the very top, I'm going to click on New Project.
LC A window like this right here.
I'm going to create a new project name with something like about ticketing dash dev.
I'll then click on Create.
Now, very importantly, this happens all the time.
When you first create a project, you do not immediately jump into that project.
In other words, this dashboard over here is still showing just my general dashboard.
A little pop up on the very top right hand side will probably open.
Or if it doesn't, there's give me a little button.
You can click right there and it will say that it's creating the project.
So it actually takes a minute or two to create the project itself.
So wait for that thing to be created and we'll click on the project.
And then we'll see a little jump.
We'll notice that the project selector up here at the top left now says ticketing dev.
And now we can start to use this dashboard under this project.
Okay.
So that's some initial setup.
Let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.